# Project Instructions: Write-up

Once you have the edge app up and running, you’re not quite finished! You will also create a write-up to help show your understanding of the OpenVINO™ Toolkit and its impact on performance, as well as articulating the use cases of the great application you deployed at the edge.

1. Explain the process behind converting any custom layers. Explain the potential reasons for handling custom layers in a trained model.
2. Run the pre-trained model without the use of the OpenVINO™ Toolkit. Compare the performance of the model with and without the use of the toolkit (size, speed, CPU overhead). What about differences in network needs and costs of using cloud services as opposed to at the edge?
3. Explain potential use cases of a people counter app, such as in retail applications. This is more than just listing the use cases - explain how they apply to the app, and how they might be useful.
4. Discuss lighting, model accuracy, and camera focal length/image size, and the effects these may have on an end user requirement.
5. **If you were unable to find a suitable model and instead used an existing Intel® Pre-Trained Model**, you should document the three non-IR models you tried first, how you converted them, and why they failed.



https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd131/parts/d334a449-003a-48fb-8d8a-079cba821e76/modules/efc7c11f-29c0-43d5-a7a9-1a7c25fe0c4b/lessons/ff92f8be-2afd-4077-90f9-f6ddc1624e9f/concepts/8053cac2-f756-427e-bf78-78577b4bf2c0