# Minimum Viable *Project*

While following the project instructions and meeting every rubric requirement is all that is required to pass the project, you should also see that as your MVP - minimum viable *project*. To make your submission stand out from others, there are a number of ways you can build even further on your People Counter app:

1. Add an alarm or notification when the app detects above a certain number of people on video, or people are on camera longer than a certain length of time.
2. Try out different models than the People Counter, including a model you have trained. Note that this may require some alterations to what information is passed through MQTT and what would need to be displayed by the UI.
3. Deploy to an IoT device (outside the classroom workspace or your personal computer), such as a Raspberry Pi with Intel® Neural Compute Stick.
4. Add a recognition aspect to your app to be able to tell if a previously counted person returns to the frame. The recognition model could also be processed on a second piece of hardware.
5. Add a toggle to the UI to shut off the camera feed and show stats only (as well as to toggle the camera feed back on). Show how this affects performance (including network effects) and power.

These are just a few quick ideas to get you started on further building out your app past the main requirements! Remember, none of these are required.

If you come up with an additional feature you really like, let us know on Twitter [@udacity](https://twitter.com/udacity) and [@IntelSoftware](https://twitter.com/intelsoftware)!



https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd131/parts/d334a449-003a-48fb-8d8a-079cba821e76/modules/efc7c11f-29c0-43d5-a7a9-1a7c25fe0c4b/lessons/ff92f8be-2afd-4077-90f9-f6ddc1624e9f/concepts/4f87cb01-447a-4a19-93e7-7bf6a1819736